Hey guys welcome back.
In the last video we got this inside uses is our function set up and now it's time to just make sure
that this actually works window to our rest is up BHB form and just test this out and hope that it works.
So go out and fill in our user names so I'll use that as my username I type my name.
Reese Kenny outdo each g.m. can't reach an email.
Khan It's not my actual email.
By the way before even tries to email it and password Cisco password and then passwords again and sign
up if it's successful we should be taken to the index page.
So sign up.
Okay so called underfire function.
Insert user details.
Am twenty one and we just check when out is a line twenty one and find function insert details I see.
So I need to add this.
This goes back to why I said earlier if you don't add this keyword it won't know.
This refers to this class instance slept just say VAT and then I refresh the page.
If you remember one of my earlier videos I briefly mention this confirmed formerie submission window
and this basically means if you refresh the page if I click Continue it will resubmit the form with
the exact same details added before.
So is Emmy type.
All our garages Click Continue and you'll see it worked.
So unguessed go make sure the ante and it now so users.
And there's my information you make sure it's okay so email there's the encrypted password or stockham
else where I entered the password password and this is what changes it into.
So it's encrypted it so even if I look in them demos I don't know what that password is.
Sign up day it's fine and profile pic.
Great.
So all the all the information is added perfectly and s.r.l. out in ulladulla when you see the addy
for this one was worn and one add a new user.
You'll see the ideas too so I'll go back now.
Area let's go back to up HP then I'll add.
I'll do no honest go donkey kong.
I go kicking donkey for a last name Kong email.
K at ya who knows.
Calm the K.
Ya.
Who's calm and then do passwords.
Well actually I do password one once or changed one character just to show how it all changes.
So the password is password 1 so I'll sign up now.
It should be taken to index page.
Okay it worked.
Let me show you the user are refreshes table and you'll see automatically given the idea to.
We don't have to do that.
Let's go to here.
Passwords So this was password.
This was password one not so even changing from letter.
The whole string changes completely.
OK that's good because it makes it difficult to try and guess you know if this was password and if I
changed one character it only changed slightly.
You know it might be easy to guess.
But the fact that if you change one character changes the outcome completely and later a little bit
safer data that works in an next view I'll do is show you a really easy way of debugging something if
it's gone wrong.
So if you're trying to insert your data and it's not working you don't know why.
What's next for the owner.
I'll try and show you some easy ways to debug this out.